This program is all about robotics.
Before we jump right into it,
let's ask the question, what is a robot?
If you look up the definition of a robot online,
you read that a robot is a machine capable of
carrying out a complex series of actions automatically,
especially, one programmable by a computer.
Indeed, a robot is a machine designed by
humans and can come in many different shapes and sizes.
It doesn't necessarily need to look like us, humans.
In fact, most robot don't.
A robot's shape depends mainly on its purpose.
For example, a cleaning robot might look like a small remote controlled toy car.
A flying robot might look like a mini-helicopter,
a mini-winged aircraft or a quad-copter.
On the other hand,
a robot that interacts with people,
often looks like us.
Whether a robot looks like us or not,
any machine that you refer to as a robot
should have the three essential ingredients of robotics;
perception, decision-making, and action.
These three ingredients are dependent on each other and are connected in a cycle.
A robot uses its sensors to perceive the world around it.
Then, robot analyzes the sensor measurements to make decisions.
Finally, the robot uses its actuators to take actions based on decisions made.
Roboticists often debate if household appliances such
as a washing machine or a toaster should be referred to as a robot.
What do you think? Is any household appliance a robot?
To answer this question,
you should identify if your household appliance has
the three essentially ingredients of robotics that we'll be exploring in this lesson.